Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
- I don't hear from
you for six months
and out of the blue you call
and tell me to pick you up
at nine o'clock.
- That bird has been
making that nest
for like.
three months.
Just motoring along.
- Geez. I love this view.
Pure L.A..
- That's why I live here.
- Tell me to pick you up at
nine a.m.. you goin' somewhere?
- Yeah.
We're going somewhere.
What the hell is this?
- It's an Audi.
Don't give me any shit. Roxy.
- You're a Jew.
driving an German vehicle.
Excellent.
- Welcome to
the new world order.
- So the game is
in the bag. right.
There's 20 seconds left.
All they gotta do
is take a knee.
And they fumble the snap.
the guy runs it 80 yards
for a touchdown.
cost me 250 bucks!
Hey. how was your trip?
- It was fine.
- You came alone?
- Yeah. I came alone.
I guess it's better
than not coming at all.
- You made a wise choice.
Pete says you're
something special.
I've heard that the demo
is really remarkable.
You wrote the songs?
- Yeah. I wrote the
songs. but my band.
- Nia. I've been doing
this a long time.
I know the goods.
You're the good. they're not.
Loyalty's cool. but these guys
are only gonna drag you down.
Even Tom Petty
dropped the Mud Hens
and look what happened
with "Damn the Torpedoes".
Everybody made bank on that one.
Come on. this isn't
a loyalty thing.
This is business.
- Seger didn't drop
the Silver Bullet Band.
- Yeah. and Bob sells a million
copies in Detroit alone.
And Nugent dumped the Amboy
Dukes. blah. blah. blah.
We could go on
about this all day.
Or we can get to brass tacks.
You.
You're the rising star
here. they're not.
- Do you want to change me?
Balls to the wall.
tits to the wind.
Marshall stack vibrator
girl's best friend.
- Hey. we wouldn't
have it any other way.
But. there is one thing
that's gonna have to change.
- It's starting already.
What. what is it?
- You have to have a name
that fits your profession.
You're a solo act now.
Nia Papachristos serves up lamb
and flaming cheese.
Not rock and roll.
- Why don't you give me a name?
- I already have.
Roxy Starr.
- Roxy!
- Who the hell are you?
- I'm Lance. your audio tech.
- Well Lance. my audio
tech. what's it gonna take
for you do your job tonight?
- What?
- Do you need some tits?
And don't even think you're
gonna get to see the real goods.
You got a long way to go
before that Mr. Audio Tech.
- What the hell was that?
- I'm trying the best show
possible. who the fuck was that?
- The owner's son!
And I don't even
know if he's 18.
Dammit!
You'll probably never
play this strip again!
- Who fucking cares!
I want to go on
the road. arenas.
I've got a single
that's getting air play.
an album that seems
to be selling.
only I'm not seeing any money!
- Well. we have to pay
back the investors.
Listen. when the time
is right for the arenas
I will let you know.
but it's not right now!
The people need to know
if you're the real deal.
- Oh yeah.
- I can write you a
prescription for the nausea.
Medical marijuana seems to--
What's funny?
- I'm a fucking rock star.
I know where to get weed.
- Fair enough.
Okay.
- Okay.
- I know of a good
support group.
And you're going to
need hospice at some--
- Now Doc.
don't fuck up this
beautiful moment.
- Gotcha.
If there's anything I can do.
- Well. if you want to break
the doctor patient
relationship thing. I'm game.
- Goodbye. Roxy.
- How come you never talked
me into getting one of these?
- Well. Roger Daltry
said if it flies.
floats or fucks rent it.
- You don't know Roger Daltry.
- I didn't say I did. I
read it in "Rolling Stone".
- Of course you did.
- Why is that funny?
- 'Cause Roger Daltry said.
You quote Roger Daltry.
- How you doin' Roxy?
- I'm okay.
- Take a nap. try to rest.
- Okay.
- Show time. Rox.
- Let's do it.
Here we are. home sweet home.
- Your home. not mine. honey.
- What do you even
know about home towns?
- You're from Encino
and please don't bitch
about not being able
to find a good deli.
Are you kidding me?
This is a Honda and
a minivan to boot.
Jeez. this is Michigan. I
can't be seen in a Honda.
- It's the only car
that was available.
Maybe you could buy
a new one tomorrow.
- What the fuck am I
gonna do with a new car?
Can I smoke in the car?
- No. no smoking.
- Why not?
- Because I'm in the car.
- Turn on the car and let me
throw these out the window.
- There she is man. go ask her.
- She's definitely
got some pipes.
- How do you know. she
was in choir for a moment.
- It was a hell of a moment.
- I mean. she's cool
and everything. but
she's a wild one.
- That's what I like.
And ex-choir girl during the
day and a wild one at night.
The education I could give her.
- You couldn't handle that.
- That's the one thing I
know is that I'm way past
the handling myself stage.
- You're so full of
shit man. you know that?
- Perhaps I should
go talk to her.
Sorry.
Hey Nia.
- Hey. what's up?
- The guys were wondering--
- Yeah?
- Well. I don't know
if you'd want to.
- I'm only 17. I'm
not experienced enough
to take all of you.
Give me a few years.
- No. that's not what I meant.
- You and Christine
still going out?
- Yeah. yeah. that's not
what I wanted to tell you.
I wanted ask you if...
- What did you want to ask me?
- Don't make this so damn hard.
- What. the words or your dick?
- My dick obviously.
As you might know. the guys
and I. we've got a band
and we thought that if
we had a gal in the group
it would help out our playlist.
So. what do you think?
- I think if you're
serious give me a call.
- I'm serious.
Hey!
Come to my dad's
garage tomorrow night.
We've got a rehearsal
and you can check us out.
- Like you're checking
me out right now?
- Rox. come
on. it's getting late.
Let's go!
- That's where it all started.
Man. I remember that
like it was yesterday.
- All right!
- Hey. so what'd you think?
- It's all right.
Who wrote the song?
- I did.
- All right. well what
do you want from me?
- I don't know. a
little feedback maybe.
- It's all right.
it's nothing special.
You guys can play. you just
have to let yourselves go.
- Wow. thank you for your time.
I think it sounded
pretty damn good!
- All right. think
what you want.
Tommy asked for my
opinion and I gave it.
- Hey. where you goin?
Look yeah. we do a lot of
covers but we're serious
about this and we want
to be a working band.
We feel like we can with you.
- Maybe we don't need her.
We didn't even hear her sing.
Chicks don't lead
in the rock world.
- Give me that lyric sheet.
- Dutch. up the tempo
on that opening lick.
Sounds like you're
playing a dirge.
Put down the acoustic
and pick up the electric.
Cecil. you and Bobby are
the anchors. keep it tight.
Don't shoot your
wad on this tune.
Everything needs to
pop on this tune.
Paps you fill. this
a guitar driven tune.
You just fill.
- You like to grace
us with your vocals?
- I'll give it a crack.
Remember. I'm just a chick.
- It's not a bad
hotel for Kalamazoo.
Was it here when you were here?
- I don't remember it.
Course I wouldn't have had
the money to stay here anyway.
- Roxy. Roxy Starr?
What are you doing in Kalamazoo?
You got a show coming up?
You know. you used to be
such a sexy little thing
and I used to be
your biggest fan.
Listen. can I get an
autograph for my girlfriend?
- How come you don't
want my autograph?
Not that sexy for you now?
Go on. hit the road. sheesh.
And if you're such a big fan.
you know I'm from
Kalamazoo. you shit head.
You know. I wouldn't even
sign your dick for ya.
Wouldn't give me enough
room to write on.
- Is there anything
else I can get for you?
- Come here.
Did you like that?
- Yes. I did.
- You run along. little man.
It's the only tip
you're getting today.
I mean. unless you're from NASA.
- I don't get it.
- Can you send me to the moon?
- I still don't get it.
- Are in college?
- Yes. I am.
- Well. you're certainly
not ready for graduation.
Do me a favor. you
stay in college.
You call me when you get out.
- Yeah. yeah. I'll call you.
Excuse me.
- Really. Rox.
The first thing to do on your
bucket list is a bell hop?
- Carl.
He's not ready for the majors.
Neither am I anymore.
- So. what is on the
agenda for this afternoon?
I love watching you
navigate unchartered waters.
- Well no. they're chartered.
Anyway. we have to
make another stop.
- Wherever you leading is fine.
I better change my clothes.
- Black. not so good.
- You slut. keep
your underwear on.
- The grace of
our Lord Jesus Christ
and the love of God the father.
and the communion of holy
spirit be with you all
and with your spirit.
Let us bow our heads unto
the Lord. to you Lord.
- It's good to see you. Mom.
This is my manager.
Carl Weinstein.
Carl's Jewish. so I told him
not to kiss any of the icons.
- Come on.
- I can see the turnouts
haven't changed.
- A lot of people turn
away this time of year.
They only show up for
Christmas and Easter.
- Same old. same old.
- Yeah. same old. same old.
- Why haven't you
cashed my checks?
You act like I'm
sending you blood money.
- Roxy. this isn't
a place for that.
- Have you forgotten where you
are and where you come from?
- No. I haven't forgotten.
- Where we goin' Rox?
- I'm not going
anywhere. stay here.
- What are gonna do?
- I'm just gonna go do
something real quick.
- You're gonna get in trouble.
Nice to meet you.
- Aren't you staying
for coffee hour?
- Oh. you ruined
coffee hour for me.
- How did I ruin coffee hour?
Mom. just go downstairs.
have some coffee.
- I can't face my
friends in silence.
- What are you
talking about. in silence?
- The silence of
condescending looks
because I raised
such a selfish child.
- I sent you checks. what
the hell do you mean?
- Rox. take it easy. come on.
- It's not about the checks.
it's about the actions.
Your actions in life paved
the way for eternity.
You understand?
Nia. are you all right?
- Mom. I don't know
where to begin.
- Roxy. let's just sit
down. forget this. come on.
- You're not pregnant
again. are you?
- I don't have energy for this.
Can I come over for
dinner some night?
- Nia. I go out a lot.
- Come on. Mom. one
last meal with you?
- Will you be around
a week from Friday?
- I can if you want me to be.
- Be at the house
at three o'clock.
I'll set a place for you.
- Roxy. are you all right?
- Yeah.
Everything's all right.
Anyway. we have to make
another stop. okay?
- Sure.
- Hey.
- Hi babe.
- Hey. how was Sunday school?
- It was fine.
- What'd you learn?
- Stuff.
- Oh. that's very informative.
very informative young man.
- Hey. how'd your day go today?
- Oh my God. right!
- Is there anything
you want to tell me?
- Like what?
- I don't know.
any significance to today?
- The date is the
17th. right. 17th.
- Okay. so it's the 17th
and on the 17th of this
month we celebrate?
- If it was March. it'd be
St. Patrick's day. but. 17th?
- Don't tell me you forgot.
This is our big one.
We've been married for 15
years. how can you forget?
Tommy.
- Oh my God.
- I spent all day cooking and
figure out the perfect meal
and not to mention the time
and the effort I put in to
finding the right gift and.
I just don't know
why put up with you.
Here you go sweetie.
- For you. my lady.
- What?
It's a fishing pole.
- Right!
Brand new. carbon
fiber. state of the art.
- You're kidding. right?
- You don't like it?
- Tommy. it's just I don't fish.
- I thought you
could learn. right.
I'm sorry. I just thought
you could use this
as a lure too. I guess.
- You.
Oh!
Oh. it's beautiful!
- Happy anniversary.
- Thank you so much.
Thank you.
I was so worried.
- I'd never forget.
- All right. now it's
your turn. sit down.
- Oh God.
- Sit down. sit down.
Okay. close your eyes. you too.
- You too?
- Yeah.
Are they closed?
- Yes.
- All right.
Okay. open 'em.
- Oh my God.
Sweetheart. we do not
have the money for this.
- Do you like it?
The guys at the store said
that you had your eye on it.
- I love it. I just...
I haven't played anything
like this in 25 years.
- We are born to
follow our dreams.
You have to set the
example for our son.
When we stop
following our dreams.
I don't know. we're
just taking up space.
- I get it.
I've been walking around this
house like a horse's ass.
- Something like that.
- Thank you. I love it.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
- I'm so glad!
- This is so cool!
Can you teach me how
to play one of these?
- Yeah. yeah. some time.
But let's maybe play some
football right now. huh.
what do you think?
We have time?
- Yeah. dinner won't
be ready for an hour.
You two go.
- Boom.
Thank you.
- Yeah.
- We heard there was a pure
romance party in the area
so we decided to stop by.
- Nia. what are you doing here?
- Just wanted to say hi.
Can we come in?
- Sure.
- Nice place. Chris!
- You've been here before. Nia.
- Oh. I just. I don't
remember it being so cute!
- We do what we can
with what we have.
- Well. you look good.
How are the boys?
Are they here?
- Yeah. they're great.
They're out back. playing catch.
- Can I see them?
- Sure. you know. just
don't take too long.
Today is our anniversary and
I'm making a special dinner.
- Yeah. no. no. I won't.
- I'm sorry. I should
have introduced myself.
I'm Carl Weinstein.
Roxy's manager.
- Hi. Christine Tucker.
nice to meet you.
I am married to Tommy. the
guy you haven't met yet
and actually. Nia should
have introduced us.
Would you like a coffee?
- That sounds great.
- Okay. great.
Why don't you have a seat.
because who know how long
they're gonna take.
- Great. but catch with your
hands. not your body. right.
- I guess I'm just not that
good at using my hands.
- No!
You're great and if you're
not. we'll make you a kicker.
How are you?
- Never better.
- Dad. who's that?
- This is your..
I'm your Aunt Roxy. honey.
I've come a long way
just to get a hug.
- So. you're Nia's manager.
- I'm Roxy's manager.
- How long have you
been Nia's manager?
- I've been managing
Roxy about 18 years now.
- So that
makes you part of
the abyss. then?
- Excuse me?
- The black cloud that's
been hanging over a bunch
of our heads for
the last 30 years.
- I'm sorry. I
don't quite follow.
- No. you don't.
- I don't know how to hold this.
- Well. you just hold
it by the strings.
near the back of the ball.
there you go. there you go.
Nice. there you go!
How are you doin'?
- How's Johnny doin'?
- He's great.
He's got friends.
school's goin' well.
- Teach him any guitar?
- Not yet.
- Well. with his DNA. he
could be pretty badass.
Does he have a guitar?
- Not yet.
Money's a little tight.
- Wait. you been getting
my checks. haven't you?
- Those are for Johnny's
college and beyond.
- No. no you can have
some of that too.
- No. we're fine.
That is Johnny's money.
We are fine. we will get by.
You have given Christine
and me just everything
by giving us Johnny.
- Thanks for the
coffee. it's nice.
- Since you been around
for the last 18 years then.
I guess you know that Tommy
and I adopted Nia's child.
- Well yeah. I know a
little about it. but that's
its all personal.
I'm professional.
- That's supposed to remain
quiet. right. gotcha.
- It's like I said. you know.
it's not my area of expertise.
Personal versus
private. you know.
I was never very good at
managing those two things
so I stay clear of it.
- So Nia doesn't entrust
you with her intimates then?
- Some yes. some no. but
this hits too close to home.
- Have a child out there
looking for its dad?
- No. not looking.
Where did you meet Tommy?
- I was always around.
I was Tommy's
girlfriend. but I mean.
he loved me but he
always had a soft spot
in his heart for Nia.
As you know. Nia can
hold 75.000 or one
in the palm of her hand.
It's the one in the hand
that I worry about a
little bit sometimes.
- Hey big guy. come on in.
let's get washed up for dinner.
Oh!
I'd invite you to stay. but
it's actually our anniversary
and I don't know how--
- How welcome we'd be.
No. no. I get it.
I'm gonna be in
town for a while.
Can you do me a favor?
Get the guys together. I want
to see everybody before I go.
- It's a pretty big favor.
You know. they still
may not want to see ya.
- Well. don't tell
'em what it's about.
Just get 'em in the same room.
I want to see everybody before.
- Their last gig was at the
Barn Theater in Kalamazoo
and it was for a
major record label
and everybody was so excited.
This was supposed to
be their big break
and Nia became Roxy and
screwed them and left Tommy
and the rest of the guys
twisting in the wind.
- That's not how it works. okay.
The record label--
- Hey Mom!
- Yeah.
- Dad and I were just
playing catch with Aunt Roxy.
Why didn't you ever
tell me I had an aunt?
- 'Cause she hasn't
been around for so long.
it didn't come up.
- Carl. this is Tommy.
Tommy Tucker. Carl Weinstein.
Carl's my manager.
- Nice to meet you.
- I'm sorry Chris. I didn't
mean to spoil your anniversary.
Carl. we gotta go.
- Thanks for the hospitality.
- Let's go Carl.
they have a dinner.
- She's out the door.
Take care and thanks
for everything.
- Yeah. you bet.
- For someone who doesn't eat
much there's a lot in there.
- Yeah. I've always
been a good puker.
- You want some of that
medicinal marijuana now?
- No. fuck no.
It's times like
these I'm gonna miss.
- What. the excessive vomiting?
- No.
The quiet.
Back in the day.
I could sit in a field.
bang out a couple songs
and not have a
care in the world.
But I'm lucky.
I know when my time's coming.
So I have a chance
to make it right.
Can I make it right?
- I don't know everything
you've done wrong.
You haven't been
keeping me in the loop.
- Eh. well I do.
If I can get everything together
I want to have one last
concert. here in Michigan.
with all my old boys.
One last hoorah.
- Roxy. you told me I should
always be truthful with you.
You've accomplished.
you've created more
than any 10 people.
You're the greatest rock and
roll performer I've ever seen.
male or female.
When you put on a show. it's
like. your hair's on fire.
which is how rock and roll
should always be done. right.
You change people. you
certainly changed me.
But Rox. as talented as you are.
wherever we go. there's
not a positive outcome.
I know. I know I'm your fetch
and get it guy and that's cool
if you include me. but you
leave me in someone's house.
knowing half the
story is bullshit.
- I'm sorry.
I owe this show to the boys
and to you and to me.
- Have I made any kind of dent?
- Like a velvet sledgehammer.
- Ready?
- Let's go.
- I know when summer rolls
around. you'll be four-wheeling.
having a lot of fun.
- Excuse me.
- Yeah. hey Tommy.
- Yeah?
- Hey man long time no hear.
- Long time no talk.
- Look. I was thinking
we get the band together.
You know. just hang out. see
each other. it's been a while.
Canal Cafe. Wednesday.
- This Wednesday?
- Man. I can't.
- I've got a date
this Wednesday.
- Still your right
hand. I presume?
- This isn't about
the money you owe me.
- Who said anything
about sobriety?
- What's on the menu?
- I thought the lap
dances were on you.
- Have they got a website?
- Yeah. it's cold.
- Still married. huh?
- Can you make it?
- Yeah. yeah I'm open.
- Can you make it or no?
- Maybe I can get her
momma to take her.
- Okay. I'll be there.
- What about my date?
- Like I said. your right
hand is fine. bring her.
- We've been sittin'
here for five minutes
waiting for you to
make up your mind.
Just place the god damn order!
- Unlike you. I care about
what I put in my body.
What kind of light
beer do you have?
- Holy shit!
I am going to punch
you in the throat!
Would you just
make up your mind?
- Cram it. will ya!
I will have an ice
tea. hold the sugar.
- Right and this is on
one check or separate?
- One check.
- Well hell. if I'd a know
that. I would've upgraded
to the deluxe. man.
- Yeah. PBR would would have
had a little lemon twist
in his water.
- You're hysterical.
You are one of the smartest
simpletons I've ever met.
- Smart enough to bang your
old lady at your son's baptism.
- You said you were
never gonna mention that!
- Wait a minute.
Your wife old lady
or your mom old lady?
- My mom old lady.
She was single at the time.
- Unbelievable!
You banged his mom
at his son's baptism?
- Well. like he said. she
was single at the time.
- How come I wasn't invited?
- Why. so you could watch?
- I like baptisms.
- That's not what I
was talking about dummy.
- Guys. guys. guys. come on.
we've been here 20 minutes.
we're already at
each other's throats.
All right. can we just get
along and have a nice meal?
- Not very likely.
I mean. why are we here?
You know how much we enjoy
each other's company.
I didn't mention this
on the phone but...
- But what?
- I don't quite know
how to say this.
- Spit it out.
- Nia--
She wanted to ask us something.
- Yeah. ask us what?
- I don't know. she just
wanted us all together.
- How long are we supposed
to wait for her majesty?
- She'll be here any minute.
Look. I just didn't want
one of you guys to turn tail
and run if you saw her
before she saw you.
- Sit down.
- Come on.
- I am not gonna sit
here with this jezebel.
- Jezebel!
Jesus Christ. what
happened to you!
We need to listen to what she
has to say and just man up!
- Man up?
What the hell do you
think we've been doing
for the last 25 years?
Manning up!
This guy sells used cars.
This one over here
changes the oil
for the used cars he sells.
What the hell do you do?
You a stock boy this week?
And I. I give music lessons
to all those snot-nose
mouth breathers and
their undeserving.
ungrateful children.
I know all about manning up!
All my life. all I've ever
wanted to be is a rock star.
I think that goes for
everyone sitting here.
Nia coulda done that for us.
Instead. she took the high
road and left us sitting here.
to man up.
- Well. you really got hung up
on that man up
thing. didn't you?
- Come on. man. we're
already here. just sit down.
Let's here what she's
gotta say. okay?
- Here's your ice
tea. hold the sugar.
- Well. speak of the devil.
- Well. well. well.
What a fine looking bunch
of men we have here tonight.
God. how's it hanging boys?
Low and the to the left?
- Eh. high and to the right.
- Good!
So. you all have been
in and out of this
thing called life.
What. married. divorced?
- What's it to you?
- Well. just wondering what
my boys have been up to.
- Your boys.
We haven't been your boys for
what. almost 25 years now?
- Yeah. it has been
about 25 years.
Oh. but you'll
always be my boys.
So. how's the food here?
- Could order you
the diablo sandwich.
- I think I'll say what I came
here to say and be on my way.
I've done some pretty
shitty things in my life.
Some of them to you guys here.
I hope you've had
more ups than downs.
these last 25 years
and if you haven't.
I'm truly sorry.
What I came here to say is.
I want to put on a show here.
with you. before I retire.
- We've been retired already.
- When would this
show take place?
- Two week.
- Two weeks?
What are you fucking crazy?
Why don't we just
wait till summer?
- I can't wait till the summer.
- Do we get paid for this.
because I got a lot of
oil changes coming up?
- This is Carl. my
manager and not the ogre
that was once my representation.
Carl. if you would.
This is a little
something to say I'm sorry
and hopefully no hard feelings.
- Sorry boys. I don't care
what's in this envelope.
I ain't playin'.
- Oh and either we
all play together
or none of us does.
That goes for what's
in those envelopes too.
Carl. can I have the keys?
- What am I gonna
do. take an Uber?
- You'll work it out.
- Do we open these things?
- Yeah. well that's
the general idea.
- I told you already. I don't
care what's in this envelope
I'm not playing.
- What you're gonna
do is shut the fuck up
and open the envelope. okay?
- How may zeroes is that?
- Mine says six!
- That's what mine says.
- God dammit PBR. you'll
be playing the show.
- What is she doing?
- She's liquidating her accounts
and she doesn't want
anything wrapped in red tape
when she retires.
But to be completely honest.
she's trying to make amends.
- Will she have anything left
over for her own retirement?
- Yeah. she'll have
something left in the tank.
- God help the angels.
- You missed
your appointments.
- I haven't
smoked or drank
or had a dick inside
me for three years.
- You missed
your appointments.
- Yeah. but you yanked out
all the baby-making parts.
Didn't that make a dent?
- Okay. I'll say something else.
Surgery is out.
Radiation is the only
thing I can think of
that might prolong you--
- What. my quality
or quantity of life?
- Hopefully both.
- Would doing anything else
keep me from the inevitable?
- No. I'm sorry Roxy. no.
- Always time.
- No. it's still not coming up.
I bet we got a bad dimmer.
- Maybe it's a lamp.
- How could it be the lamp?
We have four dark
instruments out here.
- Anything yet?
- No!
- How bout now?
- No. all I'm seeing is
a whole lot of nothing.
It's gotta be a
bad dimmer. dammit!
- All right. give me a minute.
Remember. I'm just your
box office manager.
- Whoa shit!
- You got the box office
manager doing the lights?
- Can I help you miss?
- I don't know.
maybe I can help you.
- Holy shit. Roxy Starr!
What are you doin' here?
- Well. I was just
coming to. I don't know.
see how you are. talk
a little business.
What the hell's that for
sale sign doing out in front?
- Oh God. Roxy times
have been tough.
I can barely keep the lights on.
- Don't you get any
acts anymore. though?
- Half-ass comedians. indie
movies. stuff like that.
- No bands?
- No.
Bands are gone with
the wind. Roxy.
Casinos have killed
the bands for me.
I just can't compete
with their prices.
Not like it used to be.
So now. you said
something about business.
You're not by any chance
thinking about buying
this place. are you?
- Oh. no.
But I do want to do a show.
- You?
- Yeah. of course me.
- Holy shit Roxy. I
mean you play arenas.
Why here?
- 'Cause this is
where it all began.
I want to give back.
- I'm appreciative. but let
me straight with you Roxy.
I have absolutely nothing.
When do you want to
do this. maybe I can--
- No. no. no Don. Don. relax.
You don't have to do anything.
You just make sure
the doors are unlocked
and the bathrooms are clean.
I'll handle everything.
You get the door.
concessions. all of that.
But the show has to
happen next Saturday.
- Next Saturday?
Carter. anything going
on next Saturday?
- We've got
that magician guy.
Roy the Magnificent
and His Flying Dogs.
- Scrap 'em!
- Oh. you like dogs?
- I love dogs.
- Keep the dogs.
scrap the magician!
- You already
gave him a $500 deposit.
- I think we can eat it
Carter. don't worry about it.
Roxy's come home.
- Oh and another thing.
get rid of that fucking
for sale sign out front.
- You got it.
Hoo hoo!
- Welcome to the morning crash.
Another beautiful day
in Michigan. folks.
We got a whopping high
of 38 degrees today.
Temps look about
the same tomorrow.
although we're gonna see
some rain turned to snow.
so watch those roads. folks.
I'm gonna take a quick break
so we can hear a few words
from the people that salary
and I'll be back in a crash.
Can I get some
coffee real quick?
- Sure thing.
And there's someone here
that wants to talk to you.
- What. on the air. who is it?
- I don't know.
- Why don't you ask?
- Who are you?
- How old are you. sweetie?
- I'm 21.
- And you work at
a rock station?
- Yeah.
- Do you know the history
of the genre of this music?
- Yes. I think so.
- So. if I were to throw
out a name in the classic
rock field. you'd know it?
- I think so.
- The person that
stands before you
is a fucking rock goddess.
- Crash. I'm going to call
security on this lady.
This psycho comes in here
and claims she's the
fucking rock goddess.
Probably some
washed up porn star.
I'm about to call security.
- She is the rock
goddess you ding dong!
I am so sorry. interns.
you know how it goes.
I'm sorry. I'm Crash.
Yeah. I just thought maybe you
were one of my bosses's wives
or mistresses or something.
- No. no. I don't qualify
for any of those. yet.
- Crash. we've got dead air.
- Oh shit. we've got dead air.
How can I help you Miss Starr?
- Well. I was hoping we could
fill some of that dead air.
- You with me. now
together on the air?
- On the air. together.
I mean. off the air we
can discuss that later.
- Yeah. come on.
I have to admit.
you're the biggest star
I've ever interviewed. so.
please excuse the drool.
- Ah. don't worry about it.
You can drool on me later.
- Hey. you're not gonna get
me in trouble are you. Roxy?
I mean. I know about
your rep. the language.
- Well. Crash. you just keep
your finger on that little drop
button. we'll be fine.
- Sorry about the technical
difficulties folks.
but the moment of silence
is gonna be well worth it.
I kid you not. the rock goddess
herself has just walked in
to the studio. Roxy Starr.
I don't know where to begin.
- Well. first of all Crash. I
told you to keep your finger
on that little button.
We don't want the
FCC coming after us
like a swarm of locusts.
- And you promised
me you'd be good.
- Well yeah. good for
me might not be good
for the common Joe.
- Okay. so how ya been.
what've you been up to?
You been kinda quiet
these last few years.
- Yeah. yeah it's true.
I been laying low.
taking it easy.
you know recharging my juices.
- Okay. okay. what
brings you to town?
- Oh. seeing family and friends
and I'm gonna put on a show.
- No fucking way. you're
doing a show here?
- Uh. did you have your
finger on the button?
- No. why you gonna swear?
- No. but you did.
- Wow. a show in Kalamazoo. huh?
Where. when?
- At the Barn Theater.
It all happens next
Saturday. March 5th.
- Next Saturday. this month?
No time to lose. folks.
- That's right. get on
over to the Barn Theater.
get some tickets.
- All right. well what's that
phone number or the website?
- Crash. I can't remember
my own lyrics.
- Okay. we'll get that
information out to you folks.
Now here's the
real question Roxy.
are you gonna be
leaving your clothes on
for the performance
because you know.
Kalamazoo does have a no
nudity ordinance in place. so.
- Well. that's sure upsetting.
But I don't think anybody
wants to see my old coochie.
Oh. can I say
coochie on the air?
- I think coochie's
just fine. yeah.
If not. I'll find
out. the hard way.
- The hard way?
- Or the semi-hard way.
- Yeah. this show. something
I've always wanted to do
with the original band.
Kind of a last hoorah.
that sort of thing.
- So this is it?
- I mean. I'm gonna
be 50 years old.
I can't raunch and
roll any more for real.
I mean. some can.
but nah. I can't.
- You. my lady. are a legend.
Listen. I'm sorry. I gotta
go to commercial real quick
but can you stick
around a little longer.
- Oh no. I gotta go.
- Okay. thank you so
much for coming in today.
- Thanks for almost having me.
Crash.
put your eyes back
in their sockets.
- Rox?
You all right. sweetie?
- Yeah. never better.
Ugh.
Did you get it?
- Yeah. I got it. I got it.
It's. I don't know why I
just couldn't pick it up
in a regular music
store. though.
- 'Cause it's a factory
made guitar from Kalamazoo.
that's why.
Johnny's gonna learn
to play the guitar.
- Okay. come on. here you go.
Wipe your mouth.
wipe your mouth.
let's get into bed here.
- Wait. let me just
wait here for a minute.
- You can't do this concert.
It's...
- What?
Gonna kill me?
No. I have to.
I'm not gonna be
around much longer.
It's all coming to an end.
You're not lookin'
at my ass. are you?
- No. I wasn't
looking at your ass.
- Well. it's official.
My ass has lost its magic.
I'm waving it in your face
and you couldn't care less.
- Rox. it's more of a vomit
thing than as ass-waving thing
at this point. you
know what I mean?
- I haven't made music
in such a long time.
I treated you like shit.
Why'd you stay with me?
- Your uh. your ass.
I have my reasons. Rox.
- Such as?
- Rox. I could never
walk away from you.
You came into my life
at the perfect moment.
Before I met you.
I was a veteran of this
thing we call life.
I went to USC. I married a
nice girl. and I had a son.
- What's his name?
- Joshua. we called him Josh.
He was a beautiful boy.
- He was a beautiful boy.
- Yeah. he died.
There's nothing I could do.
Then the marriage fell apart
and nothing I could
do about that.
But for a little while.
I was pretty important
to a couple people.
I seemed to make a difference
and my life had meaning.
I had purpose and then nothing.
That's when you came along.
You taught me how to live again.
But you know Rox. recently I
feel like I've been excluded.
And I'm feeling like I've
lost that purpose again.
- I'm so sorry.
You know. I came back
home to make amends.
I left a lot of
people in the dust.
Tommy's the only one
I kept in touch with.
And you probably
figured out by now
the result of that.
- Rox.
Your only problem.
you never found love.
Love is your only downfall.
- You're a wise
bastard. you know that.
Thank you for
being here with me.
Hey. what about
your client list?
I'm not your only one. am I?
- No. you're not my only client.
I gotta couple of country acts.
- Country.
They're no fucking fun.
- It's a living. but they're
certainly not as fun as you.
- Hey. how come we never
got together?
- Because you were too wise
to mix business with pleasure.
- Oh yeah. yeah. you're
full of shit.
But I do love you.
You're the best
lover I've ever had.
- We never made love.
- You can be the best of lovers
without getting physical.
Josh. how did he die?
- Cancer.
- And they've given
me six months to live.
Now. I'm going to
get in the shower
and wash this puke off me.
You care to join me?
- And screw up this
beautiful relationship?
- Well. you wouldn't
want any of this anyway.
- Rox?
I want you now more than ever
and you've never
been more perfect.
Promise me you're not
gonna die on fucking stage.
- Well. I do want to
go out with a splash.
I'll do my best to
keep that promise.
- Look. I'm the bass player.
so let me play the bass line.
- When do I come in?
- You don't come in!
- Quit bitching at
me. fumble fingers.
- Look. I'm sorry. I just
haven't picked this up
in a long fucking time!
You're the only one
that's been making music.
teaching these past 30 years.
- Yeah. you're
damn right I have.
so why don't you just zip it!
- Why don't you just zip it.
- Why don't both of
you just fucking zip it
and let's just get
through this number!
- This number.
What about the whole show. man!
We blow.
- Speak for yourself
about who blows.
- Hey Pabst. your mom
comin' to the show?
- Yeah. she might be.
- Good. then I'll know
someone who really blows.
- Dude. fuck you!
Fuck you too!
- Shut up. all of you.
we're just wasting time here!
- Well I haven't heard
any sweet rhythms
coming from your
direction there. clambone!
How long has it been since
you picked up your guitar?
- About 25 years. all right.
about the same as you.
about the same as most of us!
Where's your pride. man?
- Hey. I. I got pride
and I'm tired of
playing the fool.
This is the majors
and I ain't ready.
- None of are.
- You know. I'm about
ready to tell Nia's manager
to take that check and
shove it right up his ass.
- Oh yi yi.
I don't know how that would
feel at the entry point.
- Hey. you still haven't
deposited your check yet?
- I deposited it.
- Gentlemen. I don't know
you guys at all but Roxy does
and she wants to
do this concert.
- Why can't it wait till summer?
I mean. look at us.
we're so far from ready.
Why now?
- The plain and simple
truth is there's no time.
Roxy's gonna die.
She's not gonna
see another summer.
She wants to do this concert
in Kalamazoo with her boys.
She's very loyal. believe
it or not. she is.
She took a big chance with me.
- How so?
- I had never handled an
artist of her caliber before.
I didn't have a client
list at all. really.
She chose me because
she said I had kind eyes
and I warned her. I said these
kinds eyes might not always
act in your benefit.
She says. at least if
I'm getting screwed
I can look you in the eyes.
I told her I would never
do that and I haven't.
- Her last management
really tore her up. huh?
- Figuratively and literally.
They didn't want you.
The label didn't want you guys.
Roxy didn't make a dime
until she signed with me.
There's not a lot of people
who can tell this tale
but she can. career-wise anyway.
You know. her music. her
talent is what kept her on top.
She's a goddamn rock goddess.
I'm proud to be a part of that.
Musical acts are
gonna come and go
but she's the one
they're gonna remember
and you guys should
remember this.
she coulda brought
musicians in from New York.
L.A.. Nashville. but she
wanted to play with her boys.
So please stop screwing around
and learn the damn music.
- Sorry I'm late Mom.
rehearsal went long.
Guess you didn't wait for me.
- No Nia. I didn't wait for you.
I told you dinner was at six
and a quarter after I started.
I finished. but do
you want something?
- Sure.
I'll have a little.
- So. what's this
about a rehearsal.
you have something coming up?
- Yeah. there's a show
tomorrow night at the theater.
I saved you a seat.
- I have a board meeting
tomorrow night at the church.
We're gonna discuss how
to finance a new roof.
We have to come up with $16.000.
- Mom. I'd really
like you to be there.
This is gonna be my last show.
- You losing favor
with the masses?
- You know. if you're not
gonna cash the checks I send.
why don't you send
'em to church?
- There are things
money can't bring back.
You blew it!
Your father died and that
didn't bring you home.
You know. the only time
I knew you were alive
was when I saw you on
a cover of a tabloid
at a grocery store.
But the one man you shoulda
cared about the most.
you weren't there for him.
You were his little kuka.
so stop sending me checks.
I don't know how
you got that money.
Maybe by singing or
spreading your legs. or both.
Either way. stop
sending me money!
Your father took care
of me and obviously.
I screwed up raising you!
- You didn't screw up. Mom.
I did.
There will be a ticket
waiting for you tomorrow night
if you want.
Remember that I love you.
- All right. so you're
gonna put one finger there.
another there and then
the ring finger around.
now give that a strum.
That's a D chord. here. you try.
Almost. almost.
that's pretty good.
- Why do you spend time
teaching her the guitar?
Wouldn't she be better
suited learning the piano?
That's a much better way
for a girl to reach people.
- She'll reach the
people. believe me.
She will reach the people.
- Well. dinner's ready so
the people will have to wait.
And teach her the piano.
- Your mother's right. a girl
should probably learn piano.
Come on.
- Not if she
wants to be a rock star.
- Thank you. thank you!
How the fuck do
you do Kalamazoo.
Great to see you.
I'm so happy to be back
home in this state.
our beautiful Great Lakes state.
Yes!
First things first. I
want to introduce you
to my girls. all the way
from L.A.. Alexa and Madison.
Give it up for these beauties!
Whoo. that's right!
They've been with me for
for most of my career.
Kalamazoo. it's been
brought to my attention
that nudity is no
more in Kalamazoo.
I don't think
anybody wants to see
my tired old coochie
anymore anyway.
Doesn't mean I
can't sing about it.
Here's the audience
participation part.
Now. with help from you
and me and the band.
we're gonna work together to
get through this next part.
Now you all know the
words. raunch and roll.
That's what you and
the band are gonna say.
I'm gonna pull up the
rear with the next line.
Now I'm gonna count you
in and I want you to say
raunch and roll. all right?
One. two.
one. two. three. let's go.
But this time. we're
gonna blow the rafters
off this old theater
and reach the sky.
Are you with me?
I said. are you with me?
Okay. let's do this.
One. two.
one. two. three.
Let's go.
Thank you. ha. thank you.
You know. no matter how
many times I do that song.
I never get tired
of it.
You know. nowhere else.
but in our great land.
can a group of total
strangers come together
and have a sing along
about my crotch.
That song put me on
the map about. wow.
about 25 years ago.
Brought me a little bit of
fame. a little bit of fortune.
but this next song
brought me a lot of fame
and a shit ton of fortune.
Eh. but what's the difference?
Thank you very. very much.
Can I get a stool please?
Yeah. I thought we'd get
a little intimate here.
You know. I've been in this
business more than half my life
and the money and the men.
they've been a
blessing and a curse.
I always seem to fuck
it up until about
14 years ago.
I gave birth to a son.
But I gave him up for adoption.
I knew I was never
gonna be a good mother.
I've always known that.
You know and I've always
tried to find love
but I can't.
Love has always eluded me.
So hopefully my gift
to you is my music.
It's the only thing
I haven't destroyed.
Let's go boys.
Stand afront.
You know. I've been keeping
a low profile lately
and there's a reason for that.
I've been fighting to live
and I am losing that fight.
That's why I'm doing this show.
I wanted to have one last gig
with the guys I
started out with.
You know. I went off to
L.A. and I didn't look back.
I left them in the dust.
I am so sorry. gentlemen.
You deserve much
better than that.
Please remember that I love you.
You know. we had a whole lot
more show planned for you.
But I've. I have to ask
a favor of these guys.
We had a whole lot
more show planned.
But I. I can't do it.
I got one more in me.
That's about all.
- What song do you
want to end with. Roxy?
- A song we wrote
about 30 years ago.
"Waiting in the Wings".
- I don't think we've played
that song in 30 years.
- It's the way we began.
It's the way we should end.
Somebody remembers.
- She'll reach
the people. believe me.
She will reach the people.